	


wedding
Love nestles in quiet corners, sudden moments. A quick gaze. A wide smile. Unconscious expressions.This is especially true when you are in a crowd, like in a wedding.
And that’s why we tell your love story like the world sees it, in all its joy and all its splendour.
We capture the beauty of two people falling in love, connecting families and lives.

Family & Children portraits

All happy families are alike.But every happy family expresses their joy of being together in fascinating ways – shared laughter, quiet companionship, meaningful glances, exuberant fun, or emotional tears.We will capture your happy family for all eternity.


Couple Portraits

Your love story is the stuff of legends. You’ve met your soul mate.Not all of us can celebrate our love with a Taj Mahal, but our pictures will come close.We will tell your story. We will create a thousand romantic moods with our pictures.

Portraits

Celebrate the individual you are.Let us show the world the wit behind your laughing eyes, the character behind your beauty, and the passion that drives you.An AJ Photography portraiture session will take two hours on location. Discuss the location and the best time for the shoot, especially if children are involved. Change as many costumes as you like. Enjoy yourself.

WHO WE ARE
Founded by Bangalore based award winning and celebrity wedding photographer, Anbu Jawahar, Studio AJ delivers perfect pictures that you will just have to frame.We take a photojournalistic approach towards weddings and tell the story of two people in love and two families coming together.What we love are the colours, the noise, the excitement, the nerves, the food, the drama… We love showing the world how a groom and his bride are just so meant-to- be!



testominals


    Shweta Lakshmanan

    We first used Anbu for our engagement pictures. We were beyond thrilled with the outcome.He will leave you staring at your photographs for hours wondering how you can possibly look that good!! Marrying my husband is the best decision that I have made in life. Hiring Anbu Jawahar as my photographer is the best decision that we made for our wedding!
    Rachana Ramachandran

    His each and every photo looked like a story board. Aj can make anyone and anything look photogenic. Even a stone looks wonderful through his click which bowled me over.
    He is obviously the first one to look out for if we plan another occasion to celebrate.
    Meenu Laxman

    Every time I want a picture for work, the press, or even to upload on Facebook, Anbu is my go-to-person. The team members at Studio Aj are warm, welcoming, helpful, unobtrusive, prompt, and absolutely professional. .
    Bhumika anand

    My wedding planner recommended Anbu to me, and man i am in love with the pictures.. A very calm and poised person, he remained in the background and captured all the wedding craziness. His team did a great job with the album. Very impressed and would totally recommend.
    Shravanthi Madhavan

    My wedding planner recommended Anbu to me, and man i am in love with the pictures.. A very calm and poised person, he remained in the background and captured all the wedding craziness. His team did a great job with the album. Very impressed and would totally recommend.
    Jennifer Swittens

    As I look back at the photographs, I am glad it was Anbu who shot my wedding. His attention to detail, focusing on people’s emotions (especially their eyes) makes every picture memorable. Thanks Anbu!
    Nisha Vikram



About us


Anbu Jawahar, Founder of Studio AJ, is not your run-of-the-mill wedding photographer.

Anbu is an artist by training, a designer by profession, and a photographer by aptitude. All his pictures are stylish, full of romance, and show his enjoyment of life and people. He is someone who specializes in making your special moments memorable. His is work you frame. His pictures will occupy pride of place in your homes and hearts. Not because he is good, he is, but because he sees you the way the world sees you. Anbu uses his imagination, creativity, experience, and professionalism to capture your important moments and your unique expressions. Anbu works on his pictures to get more variations and frames. His skills in Graphic Designing and Fine Arts help him get the best out of his pictures. The result is art that is original, natural, and distinctly you.

His sense of class and style makes him one of the best wedding photographers in India today. This fun, open, witty, unassuming, friendly photographer in Bangalore loves to forge relationships with his clients.




	